apm/python: fix env vars; remove django warnings (#7940)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/python.md

---

> ## Compatibilty Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compatibility requirements
```

> Python versions `2.7` and `3.5` and onwards are supported.  For a full list of supported libraries, visit the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python versions `2.7+` and `3.5+` are supported.  For a full list of supported libraries, visit the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.
```

| Environment Variable               | Default     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `DATADOG_TRACE_DEBUG`              | `false`     | Enable debug logging in the tracer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `DATADOG_PATCH_MODULES`            |             | Override the modules patched for this application execution. It should follow this format: `DATADOG_PATCH_MODULES=module:patch,module:patch...`.                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DATADOG_PATCH_MODULES`            |             | Override the modules patched for this application execution. It should follow the format: `DATADOG_PATCH_MODULES=module:patch,module:patch...`.                                                                                                                            |
```

It is recommended to use `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` to set `env`, `service`, and `version` for your services. Refer to the [Unified Service Tagging][8] documentation for recommendations on how to configure these environment variables.

| Environment Variable               | Default     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `DD_ENV`                           |             | Set the application’s environment e.g. `prod`, `pre-prod`, `staging`. Learn more about [how to setup your environment][9].                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_ENV`                           |             | Set the application’s environment, for example: `prod`, `pre-prod`, `staging`. Learn more about [how to setup your environment][9].                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | `DD_SERVICE`                       |             | The service name to be used for this application. The value is passed through when setting up middleware for web framework integrations (e.g. Pylons, Flask, Django). For tracing without a web integration, it is recommended that you [set the service name in code](#integrations).      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_SERVICE`                       |             | The service name to be used for this application. The value is passed through when setting up middleware for web framework integrations like Pylons, Flask, or Django. For tracing without a web integration, it is recommended that you [set the service name in code](#integrations).      |
```

> | `DD_VERSION`                       |             | Set the application’s version e.g. `1.2.3`, `6c44da20`, `2020.02.13`.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_VERSION`                       |             | Set the application’s version, for example: `1.2.3`, `6c44da20`, `2020.02.13`.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `DD_TAGS`                          |             | A list of default tags to be added to every span, profile, and runtime metric e.g. `layer:api,team:intake`.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TAGS`                          |             | A list of default tags to be added to every span, profile, and runtime metric, for example: `layer:api,team:intake`.      |
```

| `DATADOG_TRACE_AGENT_PORT`         | `8126`      | Override the port that the default tracer submit traces to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`               |             | The URL of the Trace Agent that the tracer submits to. Takes priority over hostname and port, if set. Supports Unix Domain Sockets in combination with the `apm_config.receiver_socket` in your `datadog.yaml` file, or the `DD_APM_RECEIVER_SOCKET` environment variable.  |
| `DATADOG_PRIORITY_SAMPLING`        | `true`      | Enable [Priority Sampling][10].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `DD_LOGS_INJECTION`                | `false`     | Enable [connecting logs and traces Injection][11].                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_LOGS_INJECTION`                | `false`     | Enable [connecting logs and trace injection][11].                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```
